doing a minecraft tutorial I'm Oakridge
tutorial the Pharos and I go red
mini-map if you have noticed so let's
start by showing you all the kinds of
fairy verses so you could die on
different colors and yeah so but right
here it says a whole of fairy horses and
it's the rarest horse in the game so let
me show you some of them this is the
white one that's the one you get at
first so you take a holographics and the
pictures between Pegasus and unicorns so
once you breed them you'll get want to
get a red one I mean I ride one a white
one yes stupid umm but yeah so I've
obtained all 16 colors step 4 the bread
one cuz the red will work for some
reason but this is a soft snowflake the
white one so yeah and then we'll move on
to the blue which which is ocean breeze
she's really pretty I like this one and
then next one is called fabulous Juliet
or Julie Julia and the pink one and then
the green was kind of a multi color his
name is mystical meadow like that one so
let's go upstairs to the next umm one
we've got a magic Heather witch named
under my friend it's the purple one
really pretty then we've got the shining
Sun and it's the yellow one I like the
swirly wings and then of course the leaf
has probably one of the favorite my
favorite wings cuz they're like leafy so
that's for asleep and then we got a wet
vast guy which has like my favorite
design it's awesome it's got a kind of
tiger stripe design so let's go back
upstairs to the last one and we're gonna
get the orange one soon and yeah this is
only one I couldn't get which is the red
one they said and the wiki they said
there was a red one and see I just can't
do it but um there is a red one and then
it's the black one this is masculine
wise you can see all the horses are
feminine but if you're like a masculine
type this one be the one for you his
name is grim scar so he's really cool
black and he it'll work for any boys and
the last ones probably one of my
favorites my second favorite this is
frost star he looks like the nighttime
sky he's so cool he's a blue one and you
give them each by the die color of the
wool on the floor if you haven't noticed
and you just like feed it to them by
right-clicking and I'll give it to them
so let's let me teach how to get one of
these fairy horses they're so beautiful
and to get one you need a unicorn and a
Pegasus and I taught you to get one of
those in the last video and it
setting up pumpkins yet to give him
essence is a light and then they'll
breed and they'll make a fair horse so
beer back back and we got a fair yours
and as you can see the design and both
Pegasus and unicorn disappear but you'll
get the Pegasus back easily from this
amulet on the ground work oh I think I
got it did I hope there it is
says as I am you let see this element
will have a Pegasus in it that's how the
amulets work you right-click the ground
let me show you looked because I took
the Pegasus out just for this purpose so
let's put them in here so you'll get an
amulet and you can use these you collect
right-click them again but there you go
that's how you get that so let's get our
fairy horse this is our beautiful fairy
horse which is going to be orange so
here's our beautiful Faris they start
white but you could die I'm different
color so let me get a rope cuz he's baby
and you kept feeding wheat say it's wait
for them to grow up but who do you like
my little design fairy my little unicorn
but I made that kind of board while
waiting breeding but let's get oh my
gosh well I try to get him down let me
talk about some stuff so the fairy
horses fly faster and they jump higher
and it'll leaves like stars compared to
the color they are and they're very
pretty looking and and whenever you like
breed them you lose the unicorn but it's
worth it because a fairy horse is better
than oh my gosh that both unicorn and
Pegasus is so they are just beautiful
has a girl like me alone okay you
already in here but um let's just name a
music a book or let me grab the die
first
so the orange die and let me grab a book
to name it and so yeah favors is a
pretty so I should name this one
bursting oh it's still it right can't
click there no I got got to go back oh
my gosh bursting no bursting sunset oh I
forgot to capitalize that so sunset
they're bursting sunset and now we'll do
the color oops knees but to do the
colors you just right-click them with
the color and they'll transform this
cool design and boom that's my favorite
oh my gosh so beautiful
it's just I love the orange oopsies the
oranges is my favorite so yeah thanks
for watching but this look kinda looks
like hotel ok em bye